# Improv Arenas Changelog
*2020-06-16*

## Lobby Changes
- Visual rework
- Team names updated.
- Price spending signs made more clear.
- Cancelling ready status can now only be performed by sprinting.
  - This prevents pushing in order to forcefully unready another player.
- Current round number is now displayed in lobby rounds in the "action bar" (above hotbar).

## Gameplay Changes
- Underdog bonus reworked.
  - Players may now only reset twice per game. (not enforced yet, play nice!)
  - Kills against players from entities (i.e. mobs) now automatically count as suicides, taking a point away
  - Suicides now properly* affect reset point gains (can't reset to get more total points than you had)
- Worldborder changed:
  - Now stays at 16 blocks for only 15 seconds before completely closing to 0. 
  - Center of the worldborder now varies by up to 48 blocks in any direction during the round.
    - Works similar to battle royale zones, where the initial map center is fixed but moves over time.
    - This is to prevent "go camp/tower/mine at the centre" strategies.
- Shield durability increased (48 -> 64)

*(\* Doesn't fully work for non-entity kills yet, but you can trigger it manually with a command)*

## Price List Changes
- Added new items to the price book:
  - Ladder: x16, 0 points
  - Scaffolding: x8, 0 points
  - Dried Kelp x8, 0 points
  - Cake x1, 0 points
  - TNT: x4, 1 point
  - Wool x32, 3 points
  - Respawn Anchor, 2 points
  - Concrete x16, 4 points
- Changed existing prices from main book:
  - Leaves amount reduced to 6 (was 8)
  - Steak amount reduced to 2 (was 4)
    - New 0-price food items to balance
  - Snowball price increased back to 2
    - Reverted because of the discovery that snowballs can disrupt eating
  - Chorus fruit price changed: 2 -> 1 points
  - Diamond armor changed: 
    - Count increased: 1 pc -> 2 pc
  - Netherite armor changed
    - Count increased: 1 pc -> 2 pc
- Added to ban list:
  - Spawn Eggs
  - End Portal Frame

## Enchanted Book Price Changes
- Removed some high-level enchanted books from the list.
  - Higher-level enchantments now must be purchased at lower levels and combined in an anvil.
- Generally lowered price of each tier of enchantment for those with high potential enchanting levels
- Removed Infinity.
  - Goes against fundamental principles of the mode.

## Potion Book Changes
- Removed Invisibility.
  - Obvious reasons.